hi honey bees today I'm going to be
doing a bright spring I this has been
requested I posted this look on my
Instagram a couple weeks ago and you
guys really really liked it and you
wanted tutorial so I thought I'd finally
film it for you guys it's a really
bright fun pink and blue look and I'm
also doing this fun spring look as a
collab with the beautiful style by Danny
she'll also be doing a spring look and
it's actually a little bit more toned
down it's really great for someone who
wants to start off with a little bit of
a bright eye but not maybe not as
intense as the one I'm displaying today
danny is an amazing amazing youtuber she
does style videos hair tutorials makeup
tutorials halls reviews on different
foundations and different new products
absolutely adore her personality and
she's so beautiful she was the most
beautiful blonde hair I'm kind of jelly
and I definitely think you should check
her out every time I mentioned someone
or I'm doing a collab with someone I
personally watch them and really adore
them so I always want to share them with
you so I hope you guys will check out
her tutorial as well and subscribe to
her I'll have her linked down below and
let's get right into the tutorial ok so
I've already applied my primer
foundation and concealer primer is
professional from benefit those you aim
at moisture tints in linen and then my
concealer is the NARS creamy radiant
concealer and vanilla just vanilla light
too and then i set it all with my Laura
Mercier powder in shade number five this
is the smooth finish foundation powder
love love love this stuff so first going
to start with this Urban Decay 24-7
glide on shadow pencil in the color
clash and justice really vibrant
turquoise blue and I'm going to go ahead
and put that all on
the first third of the eye and just the
lid
next I'm going to take the color tattoo
yo in the shade inked in pink just any
kind of pink color base that you have
would be fine I just feel like the color
becomes a little bit more vibrant to
face like this i'm going to put that in
the outer corner here towards the middle
blending those two shades together a
little bit this is the messy part it's
not going to be beautiful yet next I'm
just taking a flat shadow brush and I'm
going to take this bright blue shadow
here it's an urban decay shout out
called shattered I'm just going to put
that everywhere I put the blue cream
base
next I'm going to take this shade right
here by urban decay it's called cherry
it's kind of a pinky what I'm going to
be taking that in the inner corner here
next I'm taking this bright blush from
NARS in co where batons orbit ants i'm
going to link this down below was a
limited edition shadow or excuse me I'm
blush if you have very sensitive eyes
you don't want to use a really vibrant
pink like this in anywhere near your eye
area you're going to want to make sure
to be real careful with a shadow that
you shouldn't be taking my aunts hair
beauty blender Chris Bosh loving these
brushes by the way I'm just going to
very lightly tap it in the blush I mean
very lightly because this is super
pigmented and I'm going to start in the
very very outer corner here dabbing it
and then blending it and I'm just mostly
concentrating on that outer portion here
and just blend blend blend lots of
blending
now take a little more and I'm going to
concentrate it towards the center of the
eye and blending the two colors together
now I'm just going to go back into the
cherry Shane you're the highlight and do
that just in the very top area here
underneath my brow you could use a match
but I'm going all out with the shimmer
the guy he right now this is the
physicians formula organic where ultra
black mascara eyeliner mascara from it
cosmetics for my bottom lashes
it for the I look I will zoom it in a
second after i'm done with my face so
now i'm going to take the NYC sunny
bronzer for my contour and i'm going to
use the Sephora brush in the number 55
pro airbrush
now I'm going to take that same NARS
blush for my cheeks very wisely though
because like I said before it's very
pigmented
I'm going to take this pantone sephora
rush luster cheek sweet palette and I'm
going to take this gorgeous highlight
right here I love this highlight and i'm
going to use another altar beauty brush
this is like the little small highlight
brush where I use it for high valleys
look at that magic gorgeous last but not
least I want to take something like for
my legs this is a Jane ph adjusting
stain gloss and this is in the pink
shade I believe pink rose and this
adjusts to your ph is clear initially so
watch list magic see it are you starting
to turn pink on me
and that is the completed book I hope
you guys enjoyed this bright and fun
spring look don't forget to check out
style by Danny spring look as well hers
is a really beautiful sunset look so
make sure to check that out and I'll be
seeing you guys again soon bye
I